Resolve lint issues in "Working with the Catalog" (#3338)
quiltdata/quilt: docs/walkthrough/working-with-the-catalog.md

<!-- markdownlint-disable-next-line first-line-h1 -->
The Quilt Catalog is the second half of Quilt. It provides an interface on top
of your S3 bucket that brings Quilt features like data packages and search to
the web.

**[For a hands-on demo, check out the public demo catalog](https://open.quiltdata.com/b/quilt-example).**

> Note that you can use the Quilt Python API without using the catalog product,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note that you can use the Quilt Python API without using the Quilt Catalog,
```

but they are designed to work together.

## Brief tour

> The Quilt catalog provides a homepage for your catalog, based on a `README.md`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Quilt Catalog provides a homepage for your data catalog, based on a `README.md`
```

file that you can optionally create at the top of your bucket.

### Browse

> ![Homepage](../imgs/catalog_homepage.png)

Reviewer: Needs to be replaced with a new screenshot - we don't have a "Files" tab anymore, it's been replaced with "Bucket"

> The catalog lets you navigate packages in the registry on the packages tab.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Catalog lets you navigate packages in the registry using the "Packages" tab.
```

![Packages tab](../imgs/catalog_packages_tab.png)

> You can also browse the underlying S3 files using the files tab.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can also browse the underlying S3 files using the "Bucket" tab.
```

> ![Files tab](../imgs/catalog_files_tab.png)

Reviewer: Needs to be replaced with a new screenshot - see previous comments

> You can also browse the underlying S3 files using the "Bucket" tab.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can also browse the underlying S3 objects using the "Bucket" tab.
```

### Search

Catalogs also enable you to search the contents of your bucket. We support both
unstructured (e.g. "`San Francisco`") and structured with
[Query String Queries](https://www.elastic.co/guide/en/elasticsearch/reference/6.7/query-dsl-query-string-query.html#query-string-syntax)
(e.g. "`metadata_key: metadata_value`") search. Hits are previewed right in the
search results.

> ![Search](../imgs/catalog_search.png)

Reviewer: Needs to be replaced with a new screenshot - see previous comments

The associated workflow contains the rules for validating your package.

> The metadata can be added with JSON editor for both packages and individual file

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The metadata can be added with the JSON editor for both packages and individual file
```

entries within a package, represented as a key/value table with infinite

> nesting. If workflow contains JSON schema, you will have predefined key/value

Reviewer: ```suggestion
nesting. If your workflow contains a JSON schema, you will have predefined key/value
```

> pairs according to the schema.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
pairs based on the schema.
```

#### JSON editor

> To add a new key/value field double click on an empty cell and type key name,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To add a new key/value field double click on an empty cell and type the key name,
```

> then press "Enter" or "Tab", or click outside of the cell. To change value

Reviewer: ```suggestion
then press "Enter" or "Tab", or click outside of the cell. To change the value
```

double click on that value.

Values can be strings, numbers, arrays, or objects. Every value that you type
will be parsed as JSON.

> We don't support references and compound types yet.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Limitations
> * References and compound types are not currently supported.
```

### Push to bucket

> You can push the existing package from one bucket to another. To use this

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can push an existing data package from one S3 bucket to another. To use this
```

> feature consult [workflows](../advanced-features/workflows.md) page.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
feature consult the [Workflows](../advanced-features/workflows.md) page.
```

### Summarize

Adding a `quilt_summarize.json` file to a data package (or S3 directory path)
will enable content preview right on the landing page.

> See [Visualization & dashboards docs](../Catalog/VisualizationDashboards.md#quilt_summarize.json)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
See [Visualization & dashboards documentation](../Catalog/VisualizationDashboards.md#quilt_summarize.json)
```

for details.

![Package landing page](../imgs/catalog_package_landing_page.png)

## Admin UI

> The Quilt catalog includes an admin panel that allows you to manage users and

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Quilt Catalog includes an Admin panel where you can manage users and
```

> buckets in your stack and to customize your Quilt catalog.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
buckets in your stack and customize the display of your Quilt Catalog.
```

The associated workflow contains the rules for validating your package.

The metadata can be added with JSON editor, represented as a key/value table
with infinite nesting. If workflow contains JSON schema, you will have
predefined key/value pairs according to the schema.

#### JSON editor

To add a new key/value field double click on an empty cell and type key name,
then press "Enter" or "Tab", or click outside of the cell. To change value
double click on that value.

Values can be strings, numbers, arrays, or objects. Every value that you type
will be parsed as JSON.

We don't support references and compound types yet.

### Push to bucket

You can push the existing package from one bucket to another. To use this
feature consult [workflows](../advanced-features/workflows.md) page.

### Summarize

Adding a `quilt_summarize.json` file to a data package (or S3 directory path)

> will enable content preview right on the landing page.

Reviewer: Add a link to catalog/visualizationdashboards#quilt_summarize.json which is a more comprehensive overview.

> ![Package landing page](../imgs/catalog_package_landing_page.png)

Reviewer: Needs to be replaced with a new screenshot - see previous comments

Adding a `quilt_summarize.json` file to a data package (or S3 directory path) will enable content preview right on the landing page.
Adding a `quilt_summarize.json` file to a data package (or S3 directory path)
will enable content preview right on the landing page.

![](../imgs/catalog_package_landing_page.png)
![Package landing page](../imgs/catalog_package_landing_page.png)

Colocating data with context in this way is a simple way of making your data projects approachable and accessible to collaborators.
Colocating data with context in this way is a simple way of making your data
projects approachable and accessible to collaborators.

> `quilt_summarize.json` can be a list of paths to files in S3 that you want to include in your summary. For example: `["description.md", "../notebooks/exploration.ipynb"]`. Additionally, note that if a `README.md` file is present, it will always be rendered as well.

Reviewer: Remove all of this - duplicate content to other page linked above.

> if a `README.md` file is present, it will always be rendered as well.

Reviewer: Remove

>   latest version, even if you are browsing an old version of a package.
> * Object titles and image thumbnails link to the file view, even if you are in

> >   the package view.

Reviewer: Is this still true? If so, it should be moved to catalog/visualizationdashboards#quilt_summarize.json and deleted from this page.

Author: Yes, it's true

I moved it to Visualizations and Dashboards page
